Mom really wants a plane to pick up Dad
Is he really a great scientist?
This
How is that possible?
But dad is gone
No one will accompany Yaoyao on her birthday
Yaoyao, don't cry, mom, I hate dad
Just be
Without him as a father
No matter what your identity is, Qingfeng
I just want you to accompany me
Why this little wish?
You don't want to be satisfied
We are gorgeous and don't need you to save us.
I can do it alone
Colleague Tian, according to your dignity
I have put together the top new film experts in the country
Meteorologist
And the best sensing experts have solved it
89 in total
They are all ready to listen to your mediation at any time
Ok thank you dean
Next, arrange for good people to deliver meals to us
No one is allowed to leave for 7 days, right?
Finally succeeded
It's beautiful.
This phone is not only dustproof but also waterproof and drop-proof.
It's a product of human industry.
And here's the thing.
This phone can actually predict natural disasters
It's a miracle.
Please always
Even such an epoch-making mobile phone can be made
It was amazing.
This is your collective effort.
That's why this phone was born
You are the scientific and technological community in China
Made an indelible contribution
Mr. Chen, the general manager is Zhu Yuhao
Yeah, yeah.
Victory is awesome
Dean Qin has been calling you
Like your lover
7 days have passed
Now I have to take our phone
I went to Haicheng to participate in the science and technology selection meeting
Thank you for your hard work these days.
Hey, wait for the technology selection meeting.
Seems like one of my students is this judge
Did I say hi to him?
I also have students who are judges
Let's go there too.
Teacher Qin is going to participate in the imperial examination physical examination
Let's go to the platform together to cheer and cheer
Yes, yes, no need.
I'm very excited about our newly developed mobile phone
Have full confidence
Wait for my good news.